PREVIOUSLY ON "REVENGE"...
DADDY!
(Emily) WHEN I WAS A CHILD,
MY FATHER WAS FRAMED
FOR A CRIME HE DIDN'T COMMIT.
YOU'RE MAKING A MISTAKE!
AMANDA!
AMANDA CLARKE
NO LONGER EXISTS.
BEFORE HE DIED,
HE LEFT A ROAD MAP FOR REVENGE
THAT LED ME TO THE PEOPLE
WHO DESTROYED OUR LIVES.
LYDIA'S IN A COMA.
(Conrad) FRANK WAS TRYING
TO KILL HER, VICTORIA.
(Lydia) AAH!
WHOSE IDEA WAS IT
TO MAKE THE VIDEO?
TELL ME I'M ALONE IN THIS,
AND I WON'T BOTHER YOU AGAIN.
I'M SEEING DANIEL.
I'M SO SORRY, JACK.
GET OFF ME!
UHH!
I THINK WE'RE ALL BEING SET UP.
(Emily) AS HAMLET SAID
TO OPHELIA,
"GOD HAS GIVEN YOU ONE FACE,
AND YOU MAKE YOURSELF ANOTHER."
THE BATTLE BETWEEN
THESE TWO HALVES OF IDENTITY...
(clicks)
WHO WE ARE AND WHO WE PRETEND
TO BE,IS UNWINNABLE.
CONRAD, COULD YOU PLEASE TAKE
VICTORIA'S HAND
IN THIS NEXT SHOT?
AND, VICTORIA, CAN YOU PLEASE
SHOW US THE RING?
(click)
BEAUTIFUL. THANK YOU.
SO IF YOU HAD TO SUM UP YOUR
QUARTER CENTURY OF MARRIAGE,
WHAT EXACTLY WOULD YOU SAY
IS YOUR SECRET?
(click)
WHAT KEEPS YOU TWO TOGETHER?
LOVE AND RESPECT.
MM.
IF YOU KEEP THAT IN MIND,
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
NOT TO GO THROUGH 25 YEARS
WITHOUT EXPERIENCING
CERTAIN THINGS
THAT BOND YOU
AND MAKE YOU STRONGER.
(click)
WHAT'S THE ONE THING THAT HAS
BONDED YOU TWO FOREVER?
I WOULD SAY THE BIRTH
OF OUR SON DANIEL.
OH, AND CHARLOTTE,
OF COURSE.
(click)
AND YOU'LL BE VERY HAPPY TO HEAR
THAT MY EDITOR
HAS PROMISED ME THE FRONT PAGE
OF THE LIFE & LEISURE SECTION,
ABOVE THE FOLD.
(click)
THE 25th YEAR IN THE MARRIAGE
OF THE HAMPTONS'
MOST PERFECT COUPLE.
(click)
ASHLEY.
WOULD YOU MIND GIVING
MS. ANDETSON
A TOUR OF THE GARDEN
BEFORE BRUNCH?
OF COURSE.
I'LL BE ALONG
IN JUST A MINUTE.
THANK YOU.
(man) LET'S WRAP IT UP.
LET'S GO.
(woman) OKAY.
THE HAMPTONS'
MOST PERFECT COUPLE.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH MORE
OF THIS I CAN STOMACH.
THE TIMING IS...
LESS THAN IDEAL,
BUT THE BEST THING WE CAN DO
IS GO ABOUT OUR LIVES
AS THOUGH NOTHING'S HAPPENED.
SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED.
LYDIA WAS ALMOST KILLED,
AND WE DON'T KNOW WHERE
FRANK IS OR WHAT HE'S UP TO.
WHAT WE DO KNOW IS THAT FRANK
CASHED HIS SEVERANCE CHECK.
HOPEFULLY, THAT MEANS THAT'S
THE LAST WE'VE HEARD OF HIM.
AND WHAT ABOUT LYDIA?
WELL, I STATIONED A GUARD
AT HER BEDSIDE.
AND WHEN SHE WAKES UP,
WE'LL BE THE FIRST
TO KNOW.
(chuckles)
(inhales)
HELLO.
MAY I SEE
SOME IDENTIFICATION?
(Nolan)
IT'S OKAY, BIG ED.
SHE'S JUST A FORMER FRIEND.
OH, YOU CAN TAKE FIVE,
JUST DON'T GO TOO FAR.
YOU HIRED A BODYGUARD?
YOU WOULD, TOO, IF FRANK HAD
ALMOST BLOWN YOUR KNEECAPS OFF.
BUT AS PECULIAR
AS IT MAY SOUND,
I HAPPEN TO LIKE MY LIFE.
OH, AND SO DID MY FATHER,
UNTIL THE GRAYSONS STOLE IT.
WHERE'S YOUR LOYALTY
TO HIM?
PERHAPS I COULD STEP BACK
INTO MORE
OF A CONSULTING ROLE.
FINE.
I NEED YOU TO HACK INTO
THE HOSPITAL'S COMPUTER FILES.
LYDIA'S OUT OF
CRITICAL CONDITION,
BUT SHE'S STILL COMATOSE.
I COULDN'T HELP MYSELF.
GOOD.
THAT BUYS US SOME TIME
TO GET BACK ON TRACK.
AND WHAT HORRIBLE FATE
DO YOU HAVE IN STORE
FOR YOUNG DANIEL?
DANIEL'S NOT A TARGET.
YOU KNOW THAT.
HMM.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH EASIER
YOUR LIFE WOULD BE
IF YOU JUST DROPPED ALL THIS
AND WENT TO GO LIVE
HAPPILY EVER AFTER
WITH JACK?
UNLESS...
OF COURSE...
YOU'RE ACTUALLY
FALLING FOR DANIEL?
(sighs)
YOU'RE JUST A CONSULTANT,
REMEMBER?
SO WHICH PARENT
SPOILS YOU THE MOST?
EASY. MY DAD.
(chuckles)
THAT'S AN UNDERSTATEMENT.
(all laugh)
AND WHAT ABOUT YOUR BROTHER?
IS THERE ANY
SIBLING RIVALRY THERE?
MY BROTHER
GETS AWAY WITH MURDER.
NOTICE HIS ABSENCE
THIS MORNING?
MM. HE REALLY SHOULD'VE
BEEN HERE BY NOW.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
WHAT'S KEEPING HIM.
DANIEL'S BEEN DOING
SOME CHARITY WORK
DOWN AT THE DOCKS
IN MONTAUK.
TYLER BARROL,
DANIEL'S HARVARD FRIEND.
MELISSA ANDETSON.
WITH THE "TIMES."
TYLER'S BEEN STAYING
WITH US FOR THE SUMMER.
IN FACT, HE'S PRACTICALLY
A MEMBER OF THE FAMILY.
(all chuckle)
YOU SHOULD REALLY COME
TO THE ANNIVERSARY DINNER
TOMORROW NIGHT.
OF COURSE.
SO YOU'RE GOING TO BE HAVING
AN INTIMATE DINNER
RATHER THAN ONE OF
YOUR LEGENDARY SOIREES?
OH, WELL, IT'S BECOME KIND OF
A TRADITION ON ITS OWN,
JUST CLOSE FRIENDS
AND FAMILY.
NOT TO OVERSTEP, BUT MAY I
BRING ASHLEY AS MY DATE?
OH, TYLER,
I'M SURE THE GRAYSONS
ALREADY HAVE ENOUGH PEOPLE.
MM. IT'S A LOVELY IDEA.
(Charlotte) GREAT.
THEN I'LL BRING
A DATE, TOO.
LAST I HEARD, YOU AND ADAM
HAD BROKEN UP.
LET'S KEEP IT TO TRADITION.
HEY, BUD.
WELL, LOOK WHAT
THE CAT DRAGGED IN.
YOUR MOTHER
IS READY TO KILL YOU.
SHE'S NOT ALONE,
BY THE WAY.
I KNOW. I KNOW. I GOT
THIS STUPID INTERVIEW,
WHICH I...
HOLD ON.
WHY ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
(sighs) YOU HONESTLY
DON'T REMEMBER?
OH, MY GOD.
DID I DO THAT?
YOU SLAMMED MY HEAD
INTO A WALL, DANNY.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
T-TY, I-I DON'T REMEMBER
A THING FROM LAST NIGHT.
WHAT--WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, APPARENTLY, I CAN'T
MENTION EMILY'S NAME
WITHOUT YOU GOING BALLISTIC
ON ME.
WHAT ABOUT ME?
NOTHING. NOTHING.
ROUGH NIGHT.
SO I HEARD.
IS THAT WHY YOU'VE BEEN
IGNORING MY CALLS?
(Daniel) I'M SORRY. THE NIGHT
KIND OF GOT AWAY FROM ME,
AND I ENDED UP CRASHING AT WORK.
(beep)
COULD WE GET
A LITTLE PRIVACY, TYLER?
YEAH, OF COURSE.
(cell phone rings)
AH, PERFECT TIMING.
HEY, MOM. HOW'S RIO?
I'M SORRY.
THE "TIMES" IS DOING A PROFILE
OF MY MOM AND DAD,
AND I GOTTA SIT DOWN
WITH THE REPORTER.
HEY, WHY DON'T YOU JOIN ME?
MM.
I HATE THESE THINGS.
NO MORE THAN I DO.
I'VE NEVER TRUSTED REPORTERS.
THEY CAN...
twist your words to sell
any story they want.
(Daniel) Mm-hmm.
CALL YOU WHEN IT'S OVER.
MM.
If it's okay, I'd rather
you not mention me.
Yeah. No problem.
(Frank)
YOU LOOKING FOR THIS?
THIS IS SOME SERIOUS FIREPOWER,
MS. THORNE.
SEEMS UNNECESSARY.
WELL, THAT DEPENDS ON
WHAT I'M UP AGAINST.
YOU WORK FOR THE GRAYSONS,
DON'T YOU?
NO, NOT ANYMORE.
LOST MY JOB...
DUE TO SOME STRANGE EVENTS.
THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF THAT
GOING AROUND
SINCE YOU CAME TO TOWN--
YOU AND YOUR PAL
NOLAN ROSS.
YOU SHOULD LEAVE
BEFORE I CALL THE POLICE.
GO AHEAD.
THOUGH I SUSPECT
THAT YOU DON'T WANT 'EM
NOSING AROUND, DO YOU?
TWO YEARS AT
ALLENWOOD JUVENILE DETENTION,
CONVICTION FOR ASSAULT
WITH A DEADLY WEAPON.
THOSE FILES WERE SEALED.
AT GREAT EXPENSE,
NO DOUBT.
I WAS JUST A KID.
I'M NOT THAT GIRL ANYMORE.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU CAN CLEAN YOURSELF UP,
BUT ZEBRAS
DON'T CHANGE THEIR STRIPES.
HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT?
YEAH, IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT MONEY
WITH YOU PEOPLE, ISN'T IT?
AT FIRST, I THOUGHT VICTORIA
WAS JUST PARANOID ABOUT YOU,
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
THERE'S MORE TO YOUR STORY,
LITTLE LADY.
AND I'M GONNA FIND OUT
WHAT IT IS.
(keys clink)
(dialing)
(telephone rings)
(ring)
(click)
(man) Warden, I have
Amanda Clarke on the line.
AMANDA.
I WAS HOPING NEVER
TO HAVE TO TAKE THIS CALL.
I was hoping I'd never
have to make it.
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
I'M GONNA NEED YOUR HELP...
AGAIN.
♪♪♪
AND FUNNILY ENOUGH, I'M ACTUALLY
ENJOYING IT. (chuckles)
BARTENDING? REALLY?
YEAH,
IT'S BEEN REALLY HUMBLING.
THE FAMILY
THAT OWNS THE STOWAWAY
HAVE POURED THEIR HEARTS
AND SOULS INTO THE BUSINESS.
I'VE GOT NOTHING
BUT RESPECT FOR THEM.
YOU KNOW, DANIEL, I WAS
REREADING THE INTERVIEW
THAT WE DID LAST SUMMER.
YOU WERE
QUITE THE PARTY BOY THEN.
UGH. YOU KNOW,
PEOPLE CHANGE.
I'VE CHANGED,
AND JUST IN TIME.
IN TIME FOR WHAT?
(sighs) I...
(laughs)
WHAT'S HER NAME?
UH, I'M SORRY.
SHE VALUES HER PRIVACY,
AND I RESPECT THAT, SO--
OH, COME ON.
JUST A HINT?
(chuckles)
IS IT SERIOUS?
HOPEFULLY.
NOW IF THERE'S NOTHING ELSE?
ALWAYS A PLEASURE.
THANK YOU.
DID YOU GET
EVERYTHING YOU NEED?
ACTUALLY,
HE WAS A LITTLE CAGEY.
OOH. DON'T TELL ME
HE GAVE YOU
THE WHOLE "EMILY'S A VERY
PRIVATE PERSON" THING.
ACTUALLY, HE DIDN'T MENTION
ANY NAMES AT ALL.
MM.
EMILY WHO?
(inhales sharply)
OFF THE RECORD?
(Summer Fiction)
♪ TRY TO GET IN ONE MORE SWIM ♪
AH.
I'LL NEVER EAT OYSTERS
AGAIN.
(laughs)
HEY, SORRY. THAT'S HOW
WE DO IT ON THE DOCKS.
♪ SITTING BY THE WINDOWSILL ♪
TRYING TO SINGLE-HANDEDLY
RESTART THE ECONOMY?
AH, I FIND SHOPPING
THERAPEUTIC.
MY PARENTS
ARE MAKING ME COME
TO THEIR STUPID ANNIVERSARY
DINNER TONIGHT, SO...
I FIGURED THE LEAST THEY COULD
DO IS TREAT ME TO A NEW DRESS.
BESIDES,
YOU'LL NEED SOMETHING
TO WEAR.
TO YOUR PARENTS'
ANNIVERSARY DINNER?
PLEASE DON'T SAY NO.
TO YOU? NO WAY.
BUT...
I CAN DRESS MYSELF.
♪ TAKE ME HOME ♪
EVEN BETTER.
♪ I WANT TO GO HOME ♪
WHY, EXACTLY, DO YOU NEED
A BODYGUARD?
UH, TWO WORDS, MY FRIEND--
NET WORTH. (scoffs)
CAN I ASK YOU A QUESTION?
FRIENDS DON'T HAVE TO ASK
IF THEY CAN ASK, SO ASK.
WELL, THE FRIENDS I KEEP
WOULDN'T HAVE PUSHED ME
TOWARDS A GIRL THAT
THEY KNEW WAS UNAVAILABLE.
♪ AT OUR PICNIC BY THE SEA ♪
WHY'D YOU DO THAT?
I NEVER BELIEVED THAT EMILY
WAS SERIOUS ABOUT GRAYSON.
JACK, I STILL DON'T.
WELL, MAYBE YOU GUYS AREN'T
AS TIGHT AS YOU THINK.
NO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
WE'RE LIKE... THICK.
YOU AND I ARE TIGHT.
(laughs)
NOT ANYMORE.
I THINK IT'S ABOUT TIME
YOU FOUND
ANOTHER PLACE TO HANG OUT.
♪ SUZANNE, DO YOU THINK
WE'LL PULL THROUGH? ♪
HELLO.
(knocks)
HI.
ARE YOU EMILY THORNE?
WHO ARE YOU?
MELISSA ANDETSON
WITH THE "TIMES."
I'M DOING A STORY ON
YOUR NEIGHBOR, THE GRAYSONS,
AND I UNDERSTAND
YOU'RE DATING THEIR SON.
DID HE TELL YOU THAT?
NO, BUT IT'S MY JOB
TO DIG A LITTLE.
(laughs) YOU KNOW, I'M--
I'M REALLY NOT INTERESTED
IN PARTICIPATING.
OH, COME ON.
MY SOURCES TELL ME
THAT YOU'RE SECRETLY ANXIOUS
TO LET THE WHOLE WORLD KNOW
THAT DANIEL GRAYSON'S YOURS.
TYLER?
WELL, A GOOD REPORTER
NEVER REVEALS HER SOURCES.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
YOU GOT ME.
(laughs)
PLEASE, SIT DOWN.
THANK YOU.
(monitor beeping steadily)
(ventilator clicking
and hissing)
(woman) YOUR FRIEND
IS A BIT OF A MIRACLE.
I'VE SEEN PEOPLE FALL 10 FEET
AND NOT MAKE IT.
WHAT'S THE PROGNOSIS?
WELL, HER VITALS
ARE STRONG
AND HER FRACTURES
ARE HEALING NICELY.
IF THE SWELLING
CONTINUES TO RECEDE,
SHE COULD REGAIN CONSCIOUSNESS
AT ANYTIME.
ANYTHING TO EXPECT
WHEN SHE DOES?
OH, I'D HATE TO SPECULATE.
(Frank) HOW IS SHE?
GET A GUARD, QUICKLY.
VICTORIA, IT'S ME.
FORGIVE ME
IF I DON'T FIND THAT
ALL THAT REASSURING.
WELL, YOU STOPPED TAKING
MY CALLS.
I'M GOING UPSTATE
FOR A FEW DAYS.
IF I WERE YOU, I'D GO
A LOT FARTHER THAN THAT.
(woman)
HE'S RIGHT IN HERE.
ESCORT THIS MAN
OUT OF THE BUILDING.
IF HE RETURNS,
CALL THE POLICE.
(man) SIR.
(sighs) WON'T BE NECESSARY.
I'M GONNA REDEEM MYSELF
WITH YOU, VICTORIA.
OR I'M GONNA DIE TRYING.
ALL RIGHT.
THE MOMENT I LAID EYES ON HER,
I KNEW EMILY THORNE
DIDN'T BELONG IN HERE.
YOU DON'T THINK THAT
STABBING HER FOSTER FATHER
WITH A PAIR OF SCISSORS
JUSTIFIED INCARCERATION?
THE MAN WAS CONVICTED
OF AGGRAVATED CHILD BATTERY
LONG AFTER EMILY'S RELEASE,
SO IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE.
IF THAT'S TRUE, I'D LIKE TO
CROSS-CHECK MY INTEL
WITH YOUR RECORDS.
THEN GET A COURT ORDER.
IN THE MEANTIME,
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE A TOUR
OF THE NEW LIBRARY?
(jangles keys)
IT'S BUILT ENTIRELY
ON EMILY'S DONATIONS.
SURE.
(jangles keys)
WE TOOK GOOD CARE OF EMILY
BACK IN THE DAY.
NOW SHE'S RETURNING THE FAVOR.
YOU'LL SEE.
(Declan) HEY, JACK.
THE STOWAWAY'S
IN THE "TIMES."
WHAT?
YEAH. (laughs)
YOU'RE KIDDING.
I'M SERIOUS.
IT'S THIS CRAZY ARTICLE
ABOUT THE GRAYSONS.
WELL, OKAY, LISTEN TO THIS.
UH, "IN AN EFFORT TO BECOME
A MORE WELL-ROUNDED PERSON
"AND EXPERIENCE THE LIFE
OF THE OTHER HALF,
"DANIEL GRAYSON HAS EVEN
TAKEN A JOB TENDING BAR
AT LOCAL TAVERN THE STOWAWAY."
WHAT ELSE DOES IT SAY?
UH...
IT'S GARBAGE.
HEY, I FORGOT TO TELL YOU,
I'M TAKING THE NIGHT OFF.
OH, ARE YOU?
THANKS, BROTHER.
(Kurt Vile's "Baby's Arms"
playing)
♪ THERE'S BEEN
BUT ONE TRUE LOVE ♪
♪ IN MY BABY'S ARMS ♪
♪ AND I GOT THE HANDS
TO HOLD ON TO THEM ♪
♪ I GET SICK
OF JUST ABOUT EVERYONE ♪
♪ AND I HIDE IN MY BABY'S ARMS ♪
(Daniel laughs) I KNOW.
HOW WAS YOUR SWIM?
ROUGH.
THIS ONE'S PART DOLPHIN.
(chuckles)
WHAT YOU GOT THERE?
OH, A LITTLE GIFT
FOR YOU TWO,
HOT OFF THE PRESSES.
WAIT. I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T
DOING THE INTERVIEW.
YEAH, WELL, THE REPORTER
SHOWED UP AT MY HOUSE,
SO I DIDN'T HAVE MUCH CHOICE.
WELL, HOW DID SHE
EVEN KNOW ABOUT YOU?
APPARENTLY,
SOMEBODY TOLD HER
THAT I WAS ANXIOUS
TO PARTICIPATE.
WAIT.
TY, IS THIS TRUE?
I WANTED TO DO
SOMETHING NICE FOR YOU.
THINGS HAVE BEEN BUMPY
WITH EMILY AND ME,
AND I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE
A GOOD PEACE OFFERING.
SURE YOU DID.
(cell phone rings)
EXCUSE ME.
(ring)
DANNY, COME ON.
I DIDN'T MEAN ANY HARM.
(Emily) HELLO?
IT'S GETTING HARDER
AND HARDER TO BELIEVE.
IF YOU CAN'T START RESPECTING
WHAT I GOT GOING ON WITH EMILY,
THEN MAYBE
YOU SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
DID YOU GET RID OF HIM?
FOR NOW, BUT THIS
NEVER SHOULD'VE HAPPENED.
WHAT'S THE FIRST THING
I TAUGHT YOU?
NEVER UNDERESTIMATE YOUR ENEMY.
And never
let your guard down.
THIS ONE SEEMS DETERMINED.
WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
THANKS, MS. STILES.
SO HOW DO YOU LIKE
YOUR ARTICLE?
(chuckles)
"WITH A STRENGTH TO WITHSTAND
THE PASSAGE OF TIME
"AND A SPARKLING POLISH
THAT WON'T QUIT,
"SILVER IS THE PERFECT FIT
FOR THE GRAYSONS' OWN BRAND
OF MARITAL BLISS."
I'D BE HAPPIER IF THIS COUPLE
BORE ANY RESEMBLANCE TO US.
I JUST HOPE OUR CHILDREN
HAVE BETTER LUCK.
I THOUGHT YOU DIDN'T BELIEVE
IN LUCK.
I DON'T BELIEVE
IN GOOD LUCK.
I'M SURE LYDIA WOULD AGREE
IF SHE WERE ABLE.
OH, SPEAKING OF,
I FIND IT CURIOUS
YOU TOOK IT UPON YOURSELF
TO PAY HER HOSPITAL BILLS.
WHY THE 180?
WELL, IT'S EASY TO BLAME LYDIA
FOR WHAT'S HAPPENED BETWEEN US.
THE TRUTH IS,
WE'RE NOT ALL THAT DIFFERENT.
WHEN I MET YOU
25 YEARS AGO,
YOU WERE MARRIED,
AND I WAS LONELY AND INSECURE,
JUST LIKE LYDIA.
THAT'S FUNNY.
I DON'T RECALL YOUEVER
BEING EITHER OF THOSE THINGS.
AND FOR THE RECORD,
I REALLY NEVER HAVE LOVED
ANY WOMAN
THE WAY I'VE LOVED YOU.
JUST MY LUCK.
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
COME HERE.
STOP FOLLOWING ME, FRANK.
YOU STOP GIVING ME
A REASON TO.
THE FEDS ARE COMING FOR DAVID
TOMORROW NIGHT.
WHAT'S DONE IS DONE.
NOW YOU MADE YOUR DECISION,
VICTORIA.
THE SOONER YOU START LIVING
WITH IT, THE BETTER.
WHAT, NO BODYGUARD?
I'M RIGHT HERE, MA'AM.
WE CAME OVER TO DO A...
SECURITY CHECK
ON YOUR PLACE.
ED FOUND AT LEAST
SEVEN POINTS OF ENTRY
FOR POTENTIAL INTRUDERS.
YOU REALLY SHOULD LET HIM
INSTALL A SECURITY SYSTEM.
WE ALSO DO PANIC ROOMS.
MM.
I DON'T PANIC.
ED, WOULD YOU
GIVE US A MINUTE?
I NEED TO SPEAK
TO THE YOUNG LADY.
WHAT HAPPENED TO FLYING
UNDER THE RADAR, PRINCESS?
TYLER SICCED
THAT REPORTER ON ME.
I HAD TO SPIN IT
TO MY ADVANTAGE.
YOU WERE SO EFFUSIVE
ABOUT DANIEL,
EVEN I SWOONED.
JACK, ON THE OTHER HAND,
NOT SO MUCH.
NOW HE'S TAKING IT OUT
ON ME.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO DEAL
WITH YOUR PROBLEMS, NOLAN.
I HAVE TOO MANY OF MY OWN.
WHAT?
SHARK IN THE WATER
A LITTLE TOO CLOSE TO SHORE?
NOT FRANK.
TYLER.
HE IS DOING EVERYTHING HE CAN
TO COME BETWEEN DANIEL AND ME.
I NEED YOU
TO FIND SOMETHING
FOR ME TO USE
TO DISCREDIT HIM
WITH THE GRAYSONS.
HMM.
MY FIRST SOLO TAKEDOWN?
I'M ON IT.
MM.
(indistinct conversations)
ALL RIGHT, TWO MOJITOS,
ONE COSMO,
ONE SUGAR-FREE MARGARITA.
♪♪♪
ENJOY.
JACK.
HEY.
COULD I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND?
SURE.
UNLESS YOU'RE PLANNING ON
ORDERING A SHAVED ICE APPLETINI.
(laughs) I'VE NOTICED.
THE CLIENTELE'S SHIFTED A BIT
SINCE THE LAST TIME I WAS HERE.
YEAH, YEAH.
THANKS, AGAIN, DANIEL GRAYSON.
♪♪♪
NOT THAT I'M COMPLAINING.
BUSINESS HAS BEEN GOOD.
WELL,
I WANTED TO BRING YOU THIS.
♪♪♪
WHAT IS IT?
IT'S AN OLD MARINER'S COMPASS.
♪♪♪
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO DO THAT.
WELL, I WANTED TO,
TO SAY THANK YOU
FOR FIXING THE SWING.
♪♪♪
AND ABOUT THE OTHER NIGHT--
CAN WE PRETEND
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN?
I'M STILL PRETTY EMBARRASSED
ABOUT THAT.
DON'T BE.
♪♪♪
FRIENDS?
FRIENDS.
♪♪♪
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
THANK YOU.
♪♪♪
THANKS AGAIN FOR INVITING ME
TO BE YOUR DATE TONIGHT.
FINALLY, I GET TO BE
ON THE GUEST LIST
INSTEAD OF CHECKING IT
AT THE DOOR.
OF COURSE. YOU EARNED IT.
I'VE EARNED A NEW PAIR
OF SHOES, TOO,
DON'T YOU THINK?
(chuckles) GO.
I'LL WAIT OUT HERE.
(Nolan) WELL, WELL.
DON'T YOU TWO
MAKE A CUTE COUPLE?
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
GET OUTTA HERE.
MY GIRL CAN'T STAND YOU.
WELL, IF ASHLEY DOESN'T
WANT TO SEE ME,
SHE SHOULD TAKE OUT
A RESTRAINING ORDER.
YOU HAVE SOME EXPERIENCE
WITH THAT, RIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
OH, RIGHT.
THE RESTRAINING ORDER
WAS AGAINST YOU.
MY MISTAKE.
PERHAPS...
LESLIE MONTGOMERY
COULD SHED SOME LIGHT
ON THE MATTER.
WHAT DO YOU WANT, NOLAN?
I'LL EXPLAIN IT TO YOU
TONIGHT.
MY PLACE,
7-ISH.
(clears throat) YEAH,
WELL, UH, I WON'T BE THERE.
YOU WILL
AND YOU'LL BE PROMPT.
I CAN BE
A VERY IMPATIENT PERSON.
HELLO, EMILY THORNE.
OUR WEDDING INVITATION.
HOW NICE.
I TRACKED DOWN THE PRINTER
WHO DID THE ORIGINAL
AND HAD ONE MADE FOR YOU.
WITH DANIEL'S HELP,
OF COURSE.
AH, DON'T LOOK AT ME.
THIS WAS ALL EMILY.
HOW EXTRAORDINARILY CRAFTY
OF YOU.
(chuckles)
I'M GLAD YOU LIKE IT.
WELL, AS LONG
AS WE'RE GIVING GIFTS,
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY,
MRS. G.
♪♪♪
I'M DECLAN.
CHARLOTTE INVITED ME.
OH, SHE DID, DID SHE?
(chuckles)
AH, ROSE. HOW LOVELY.
CHARLOTTE.
MOM,
YOU REMEMBER DECLAN.
HE'S MY PLUS ONE.
WELL, I'LL JUST HAVE
MRS. JOHNSON
SET ANOTHER PLACE
AT THE TABLE.
YOU DIDN'T TELL HER
I WAS COMING?
MUST HAVE
SLIPPED HER MIND.
TYLER'S NOT HERE.
DECLAN CAN HAVE HIS SEAT.
OH, HE'S JUST RUNNING
A BIT LATE.
WELL, WE'LL JUST HOLD
THE FIRST COURSE FOR HIM, THEN.
LET'S START WITHOUT HIM.
HE CAN CATCH UP.
(Declan) YEAH, YOU WOULDN'T
WANT YOUR FOOD
TO GET COLD, MRS. GRAYSON.
I'M SURE YOU SLAVED
IN THE KITCHEN ALL DAY.
YOU'RE FUNNY.
(laughs)
♪♪♪
(Nolan) SCOTCH OKAY?
JUST TELL ME
WHAT THE HELL YOU WANT.
DIRECT.
I LIKE THAT
IN MY NEGOTIATIONS.
WELL, UPON SOME RESEARCH,
I NOTICED THAT ALL YOUR BILLS
LAST SUMMER
WERE PAID BY
ONE LESLIE MONTGOMERY,
KEPT-BOY STYLE.
I GET IT. OLDER WOMEN
CAN BE SO HOT.
THEN I DISCOVERED THAT
LESLIE HAD FILED
A RESTRAINING ORDER AGAINST YOU.
SEEMS YOU MADE LESLIE, UH...
A VERY NERVOUSMAN.
(chuckles) TELL ME,
WHAT'S A GAY HUSTLER DOING
POSING AS A HARVARD STUDENT?
GAY? EH.
A HUSTLER?
MAYBE.
AH.
AMBIGUOUS SEXUAL IDENTITY.
I GET IT.
I'M ABOUT A...
3 ON THE KINSEY SCALE
MYSELF.
STILL DOESN'T EXPLAIN
WHAT YOU'RE UP TO.
ALTHOUGH, IT'S NO SURPRISE
YOU ENDED UP BEST BUDS
WITH DANIEL GRAYSON.
(chuckles)
OKAY.
(sets glass down)
(exhales)
A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO,
MY FAMILY LOST EVERYTHING.
THE BARROLS WENT FROM
THE PENTHOUSE TO THE STREET
OVERNIGHT.
I WAS FORCED
TO DROP OUT OF SCHOOL,
AND NOW I'M HERE,
EDGING MY WAY INTO
AN ENTRY-LEVEL JOB
WITH CONRAD GRAYSON.
AND I IMAGINE YOUR CHANCES
FOR LANDING THAT JOB
WOULD TAKE A NOSEDIVE
IF CONRAD KNEW
ABOUT YOUR PAST.
ALL RIGHT, NOLAN.
YOU GOT ME.
BUT TELL ME...
WHO GETS YOU?
EXCUSE ME?
WELL, YOU--YOU'D THINK
THERE'D BE PEOPLE
CRAWLING ALL OVER YOU.
BUT HERE YOU ARE,
ALL ALONE.
(chuckles)
AHH.
(sets glass down)
NOW THEN, I CAN'T HAVE YOU
SHARING ALL THIS.
YOU DID SAY THIS WAS
A NEGOTIATION, SO...
LET'S MAKE A DEAL.
(light jazz music playing)
STILL NO ANSWER FROM TYLER.
I'M SORRY.
I'LL JUST SEE MYSELF OUT.
OH, ASHLEY,
DON'T BE SILLY. PLEASE.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
THE TYLER I KNOW.
I'M SURE
THERE'S AN EXPLANATION.
(chuckles) ALWAYS.
♪♪♪
THE "TIMES" PIECE
ON YOUR MARRIAGE
WAS REALLY INSPIRING.
WHAT YOU TWO HAVE IS
TRULY WORTH THE ATTENTION.
I THOUGHT IT WAS CHOCK-FULL
OF EMBELLISHMENTS.
(chuckles)
SURELY WHAT THEY WROTE
ABOUT YOU AND DANIEL
WAS EQUALLY OVERBLOWN.
OH, I COULDN'T BRING MYSELF
TO READ THAT PART ABOUT US.
THAT'S FUNNY.
NEITHER COULD MY BROTHER.
EMILY'S TRYING TO GET OVER
A CASE OF PUBLICITY SHYNESS.
WELL, WHEN SHE'S READY,
SHE CAN TAKE MY SPOT.
AFTER ALL THIS,
I'LL BE HAPPY IF I NEVER SEE
MY NAME IN PRINT AGAIN.
(laughs)
I'LL BELIEVE THAT WHEN I SEE IT.
OR RATHER, WHEN I DON'T SEE IT.
(Charlotte and Conrad laugh)
(Airbourne's "Blonde, Bad
and Beautiful" playing)
♪ BLONDE, BAD, AND BEAUTIFUL ♪
♪ IN THE HOT SUMMER ♪
♪ WITH HER TIGHT DRESS
PAINTED ON ♪
♪ FAHRENHEIT 101 ♪
♪ SHE GOT THE LONG LEGS
TO PROVE IT ♪
♪ THE BACK END TO MOVE IT ♪
♪ SHE'S A TRIPLE X MOVIE
JUST WALKING... ♪
(light jazz music playing)
(utensils clattering)
HOW ABOUT A TOAST?
TO THE HAMPTONS' VERY OWN
WILLIAM AND KATE.
OH. WE'RE NOT EXACTLY
ROYALTY.
NO KIDDING.
THE DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE
WOULDN'T BE CAUGHT DEAD
WORKING AT A DIVE BAR.
IT'S NOT A DIVE BAR, SIR.
DECLAN'S RIGHT, MR. GRAYSON.
THE STOWAWAY IS MORE OF
A LOCAL TREASURE.
AH.
OH, I DIDN'T KNOW YOU FREQUENTED
SUCH PLACES, EMILY.
OH, YEAH.
IN FACT, SHE WAS THERE
THIS AFTERNOON.
SHE EVEN GAVE HIM A PRESENT.
WHAT'S HE TALKING ABOUT?
♪♪♪
I WAS THANKING HIM
FOR FIXING THE PORCH SWING.
IT WAS NOTHING.
YEAH, IT WASN'T NOTHING
TO HIM.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT TOOK FOR JACK
TO PUT HIMSELF OUT THERE
FOR YOU ON THE 4th.
YOU LET HIM THINK HE HAD A SHOT,
BUT HE NEVER DID,
BECAUSE IN YOUR MIND,
HE WILL NEVER BE GOOD ENOUGH
FOR YOU PEOPLE.
♪♪♪
NOW I KNOW THE FEELING.
SORRY, CHARLOTTE.
(clears throat)
EXCUSE ME.
DANIEL.
I THINK I'LL TRY TYLER AGAIN.
EXCUSE ME.
♪♪♪
(clears throat)
CONGRATULATIONS, MOM,
AND HAPPY ANNIVERSARY.
♪♪♪
IT'S $50 FOR THE LAP DANCE.
HANDS TO YOURSELF,
OR I USE THE CUFFS.
(clears throat) OR NOT.
ACTUALLY, UM,
I JUST WANT TO TALK.
AH, YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE.
IT'S YOUR MONEY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT?
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
AMANDA CLARKE FOR STARTERS.
(laughs) GREAT.
ANOTHER REPORTER.
DO I LOOK LIKE A REPORTER?
YOU LOOK LIKE A COP.
SO DO YOU.
(chuckles)
♪♪♪
OKAY, YOU CAUGHT ME.
"TIME" MAGAZINE'S DAUGHTER
OF THE DEVIL, IN THE FLESH.
AND IF THIS IS
YOUR GOING RATE FOR TALKING,
I'LL TELL YOU ANYTHING
YOU WANT TO HEAR.
I WANT TO HEAR THE TRUTH.
YOUR NAME'S NOT REALLY
AMANDA CLARKE, IS IT?
IT'S EMILY THORNE.
♪♪♪
ONE MINUTE YOU'RE GUSHING
ABOUT ME TO THE "TIMES,"
THE NEXT YOU'RE HAVING
A ROMANTIC NIGHT
UNDER THE FIREWORKS WITH JACK?
IT WASN'T LIKE THAT, DANIEL.
WELL,
IT SURE SOUNDS LIKE THAT.
AND WHY WOULDN'T YOU TELL ME
YOU WENT TO SEE HIM AGAIN TODAY?
BECAUSE I DIDN'T THINK
IT MATTERED.
JACK AND I ARE JUST FRIENDS.
YOU KNOW THAT.
A WHILE AGO, I PROMISED YOU,
I'D BE HONEST WITH YOU
NO MATTER WHAT.
I THOUGHT WE BOTH DID.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I'M SORRY.
I'M JUST SCARED.
SCARED?
SCARED OF WHAT?
I'M FALLING IN LOVE
WITH YOU.
I NEED TO TAKE A WALK.
(sighs)
WE'RE DROWNING IN LIES,
ALL OF US.
NOT EVEN OUR CHILDREN
CAN ESCAPE
THE WRECKAGE
FROM THIS ARRANGEMENT.
ARRANGEMENT? WHAT DO YOU--
YOU MEAN OUR MARRIAGE?
THIS ISN'T A MARRIAGE.
AND I'M NOT SURE
IT EVER WAS.
CLEARLY NOT FOR YOU, EVER.
I REMEMBER THE WAY YOU
USED TO LOOK AT DAVID CLARKE.
YOU HAVE NEVER, NOT ONCE,
LOOKED AT ME LIKE THAT--
NOT BEFORE
AND CERTAINLY NOT AFTER.
YOU HAVE NEVER
GIVEN ME REASON TO!
WELL, PERHAPS I SHOULD
COUNT MYSELF AS LUCKY.
I MEAN, LOOK WHAT HAPPENED
TO HIM.
(chuckles)
GET OUT!
WITH PLEASURE.
(man) ♪ OOH, HEY, LOVE,
YOU CAN HOLD ME ♪
(Declan) EXCUSE ME.
YEAH, EXCUSE ME.
YEAH, YEAH.
I CAN'T STAND THESE PEOPLE.
DINNER DIDN'T GO AS PLANNED?
WELL, THAT DEPENDS ON
WHOSE PLAN, YOU KNOW.
LOOK, I'M CLEARLY NOT
AN EXPERT,
BUT I DO KNOW
THAT YOU CAN'T BE CERTAIN
HOW SOMEONE FEELS ABOUT YOU
UNTIL THEY
TELL YOU THEMSELVES.
YOU SHOULD TALK TO HER.
WELL, I CAN'T GO BACK THERE.
LOOKS LIKE
YOU WON'T HAVE TO.
(indistinct conversations)
HEY.
♪♪♪
SO HERE'S THE WAY
THAT I SEE IT--
THE GIRL PASSING HERSELF OFF
AS EMILY THORNE
NEEDED A NEW IDENTITY.
AND WHO BETTER
THAN HER ORPHAN CELL MATE,
STRAIGHT OUTTA JUVIE?
I'M SURE SHE GAVE YOU
WHAT SEEMED LIKE A LOT
OF MONEY AT THE TIME,
BUT MONEY RUNS OUT,
AND THEN YOU END UP
IN A PLACE LIKE THIS.
AM I CLOSE?
♪♪♪
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
SO HERE'S WHAT
I DON'T UNDERSTAND--
WHY KEEP THE NAME?
WHY PROLONG THE CHARADE?
WHEN I BECAME AMANDA,
I BECAME SOMEBODY.
YOU'RE NOT THE FIRST ONE
TO COME IN
LOOKING FOR AMANDA CLARKE.
THOUGH MOST OF THEM
WERE PERVERTS.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU HAD CONTACT WITH HER?
YEARS.
I'VE TRIED TO FIND HER
AT LEAST A DOZEN TIMES.
WHERE IS SHE?
♪♪♪
WHO'S DANIEL GRAYSON?
HEIR TO
MULTIBILLION-DOLLAR FORTUNE
AND MY EMPLOYER'S SON.
DOES ANYONE ELSE KNOW
YOU FOUND ME?
NOT YET.
MY SHIFT'S OVER IN AN HOUR.
MEET ME IN THE PARKING LOT?
(footsteps approaching)
(door opens)
(door closes)
I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU COULD USE THIS.
(chuckles)
ENJOY THIS FLEETING MOMENT,
DANIEL.
IT'LL BE THE ONLY TIME
I'LL ADMIT
YOUR TENDING BAR
ISN'T A COMPLETE WASTE.
(chuckles)
NOT EXACTLY
THE ANNIVERSARY DINNER
WE HAD PLANNED.
WELL, THINGS DIDN'T GO
EXACTLY AS PLANNED
FOR EITHER OF US,
DID THEY?
(inhales deeply)
TRUE.
THINGS WITH EMILY
HAVEN'T BEEN EASY.
I JUST... I CAN'T STOP
THINKING ABOUT HER, MOM.
WHY DON'T YOU LIKE HER?
(inhales deeply)
(exhales)
I JUST DON'T WANT
TO SEE YOU GET HURT.
ALLOWING YOURSELF
TO FALL FOR SOMEONE
COMES AT THE RISK
OF A PAINFUL PRICE.
I GUESS IT'S TRUE
WHAT THEY SAY.
HMM?
YOU CAN'T REALLY CHOOSE
WHO YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH.
MM.
(sighs)
I LOVE YOU, MOM.
I LOVE YOU, TOO, BABY.
(Victoria) DAVID CLARKE KNEW
EXACTLY WHAT HE WAS DOING.
ON NUMEROUS OCCASIONS,
HE TOLD ME HE WAS
WORKING ON SOMETHING BIG.
AND TH-THAT HE WANTED ME
TO RUN AWAY WITH HIM.
NO.
DAVID CLARKE HAS TO BE
COMPLETELY DEAD TO YOU,
OR THE JURY WILL
SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU.
(Conrad) VICTORIA...
WE'RE GONNA LOSE EVERYTHING--
THIS HOUSE, DANIEL...
(inhales sharply)
I MEAN, EVERYTHING.
DAVID CLARKE
THREATENED MY LIFE.
IF I DIDN'T DO WHAT HE WANTED,
HE SWORE HE WOULD HURT
MY FAMILY AS WELL.
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO
TO PROTECT THEM.
I ONLY WISH
I COULD'VE DONE THE SAME
FOR THE PEOPLE WHO DIED
IN THAT PLANE.
(cell phone rings)
(gasps)
(ring)
HELLO.
♪♪♪
VICTORIA,
I'M SO GLAD YOU ANSWERED.
WHERE ARE YOU, FRANK?
I'M ON MY WAY BACK TO YOU.
YOUR SUSPICIONS WERE RIGHT
ALL ALONG.
EMILY THORNE IS NOT
WHO SHE CLAIMS TO--
(clatter)
FRANK?
Frank, are you there?
Frank?
FRANK?
(beep)
(moans)
(grunt, thud)
ONE BLOODY ROSE?
PATHETIC.
IT WAS JUST A DINNER.
NOT TO ME.
EVER SINCE I'VE GOT HERE,
ALL I'VE WANTED IS TO BE
A PLAYER IN THE SCENES,
NOT LURKING BEHIND THEM.
SO THE...
WHOLE LOYAL EMPLOYEE THING
IS JUST AN ACT?
MY LOYALTIES LIE
WITH ASHLEY.
I HAVE TO MAKE
A NAME FOR MYSELF.
I DON'T GET TO SIT ON MY ASS
AND WATCH MY INHERITANCE GROW
LIKE EVERY OTHER SPOILED
20-SOMETHING AROUND HERE,
YOURSELF INCLUDED.
(sighs) ASH,
YOU'VE GOT ME ALL WRONG.
MY FATHER'S COMPANY
IS BANKRUPT,
AND MY FAMILY'S BEEN DEALING
WITH MASSIVE DEBT.
I'M THEIR ONLY HOPE
OF REBUILDING.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST TELL ME THAT?
BECAUSE I WAS AFRAID
YOU'D TELLTHEM.
WELL, YOU SEE
HOW THESE PEOPLE ARE.
THEY SMELL BLOOD IN THE WATER,
AND YOU'RE AS GOOD AS DEAD.
THAT STILL DOESN'T EXPLAIN
WHY YOU STOOD ME UP.
(exhales deeply)
I WENT TO CONRAD'S OFFICE
IN THE CITY TONIGHT,
AND I MADE COPIES
OF HIS CONFIDENTIAL DATABASE.
THIS TIME NEXT YEAR,
HE WON'T MAKE A SINGLE DECISION
WITHOUT CONSULTING ME.
I'LL BE INDISPENSIBLE.
WOW.
AMBITIOUS.
WE'RE MORE ALIKE
THAN I THOUGHT.
(clicks)
(Declan) TELL ME THE TRUTH,
YOU INVITED ME TONIGHT
JUST TO PISS OFF YOUR MOTHER.
OKAY.
PART OF ME DID, YEAH.
BUT THE ONLY REASON
TONIGHT WAS BEARABLE
WAS BECAUSE YOU WERE
SITTING NEXT TO ME.
(sighs) IS THAT SO?
YOU'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO ACCEPT
THAT I LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE FUNNY
AND YOU'RE CUTE
AND YOU VOICE YOUR OPINION.
WELL, THAT'S NOT GONNA CHANGE.
GOOD.
YOU'RE PROBABLY
THE FIRST PERSON UNDER THAT ROOF
TO EVER BE COMPLETELY HONEST.
I THOUGHT IT WAS HOT.
OH, YEAH?
YEAH.
(Emily) TYLER NEVER SHOWED UP
FOR DINNER.
I'M IMPRESSED.
HOW'D YOU DO IT?
(chuckles)
WELL, I CAN'T TAKE
ALL THE CREDIT.
I TOOK A PAGE FROM
THE ANGEL OF REVENGE HERSELF,
DUG UP SOME DIRT,
USED IT FOR LEVERAGE.
WHAT'S THE DIRT?
SUFFICE IT TO SAY,
OUR BOY IS A BIT
OF A CON MAN.
WHAT HE DOESN'T KNOW IS,
YOU CAN'T CON A CON.
(Daniel) EMILY?
WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING,
KEEP IT UP.
OH... I PLAN TO.
SLEEP TIGHT.
(chuckles)
REMEMBER HOW WE MET?
HOW COULD I FORGET?
I SPILLED A DRINK
ALL OVER YOUR JACKET.
(both laugh)
YES, YOU DID.
I NEVER
HAD THAT JACKET CLEANED.
(chuckles)
YEAH, I, UH...
I HUNG IT IN MY CLOSET
TO REMIND ME
THAT UNPREDICTABLE MOMENTS
CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE
IF YOU'RE READY FOR THEM.
I'M READY.
I'M FALLING IN LOVE
WITH YOU, TOO.
JUST AS THERE ARE TWO SIDES
TO EVERY STORY,
THERE ARE TWO SIDES
TO EVERY PERSON.
ONE THAT WE REVEAL
TO THE WORLD,
AND ANOTHER
WE KEEP HIDDEN INSIDE.
A DUALITY GOVERNED
BY THE BALANCE
OF LIGHT AND DARKNESS.
(groans)
(monitor beeping steadily)
CONRAD.
WITHIN EACH OF US
IS THE CAPACITY
FOR BOTH GOOD AND EVIL.
(knock on door)
BUT THOSE WHO ARE ABLE TO BLUR
THE MORAL DIVIDING LINE
HOLD THE TRUE POWER.
(voice breaks) OH, GOD.
IT'S REALLY YOU.
AMANDA CLARKE?
THE WAY THEY'VE BEEN
TALKING ABOUT YOU,
I EXPECTED SOMEONE...
BIGGER.
NOT AFRAID OF ME?
(grunts)
YOU SHOULD BE.
(both grunt)
(pants)
(pants) YOU OBVIOUSLY
KNOW WHO I AM.
WHO ARE YOU?
EMILY.
EMILY WHAT?
EMILY THORNE.
WE'VE GOT A PROBLEM.
SOME GUY NAMED FRANK
FIGURED OUT WE SWITCHED NAMES.
WHERE IS HE?
DON'T WORRY.
I TOOK CARE OF HIM.
(cell phone rings)
THIS IS HIS PHONE.
VICTORIA GRAYSON
KEEPS CALLING.
(grunts)
(ring)
You've reached Frank.
Leave a message.
(beep)
Frank, it's Victoria.
You officially have me worried.
Please call me back
as soon as you get this.
What do you mean Emily Thorne
is not who she claims to be?